Good evening, everybody.
Good morning, family.
Whatever you want to say, thank you for being here tonight.
We're going to pray, and I'm going to go over a little bit of the stuff the Lord showed me last night in prayer, and we'll just make it quick.
I want to do more praying and less talking as much as I can, but it's important that you know some of the things that we've seen, and we're seeing it in the news now.
We give all the glory to Jesus.
All we do in word and in deed, we give all the glory to Jesus.
All we say in word and in deed.
I want to say this; I want to shout out somebody real quick.
Brandon Brim, Billye Brim's grandson, is starting a church in Montecito, California.
Tomorrow night is his first night to really have a church launch.
I just think their family is amazing.
They're seers; they see in the spirit, they flow with the gifts of the Spirit, and they walk with the authority of the believer.
I really believe California needs a church like they're planning right now.
So if you live in that area, it's going to be at the Hilton Santa Barbara Beachfront Hotel tomorrow night.
I'm not exactly sure of the times; he did not text me the times, but I'm sure it's probably around 7 o'clock.
I just wanted to encourage you all: if you live in that area, go out there and tell them I sent you.
Okay, number two.
Let's go right into what the Lord was showing us last night.
There was a lot last night, wasn't there?
And today in the news, some of it is already there.
Now I want to show you about Xi Jinping.
Do you see this?
His top general?
He's having trouble in his cabinet, just like we prayed last night.
We were praying for disruption in the way they do things, and that it would bring a window of opportunity for the underground church—as all this distraction is taking place—for a major revival to be brought forth in China and all of Asia.
But it was about Xi Jinping.
And this is everything the Lord showed us last night in prayer.
I just think it's amazing.
Within a 24-hour period, we're already seeing stuff in the news.
It's in turmoil.
It says raising questions about Taiwan.
And what did I tell you?
I saw there were generals over here that were voting for it, and there were several of them.
They were dressed just like that.
And there were several over here like that.
I saw Gavin Newsom slithering on his belly like a serpent with a suit on, going across the nation with a forked tongue.
He was licking the dirt.
His tongue was touching the dirt like a serpent would, looking for prey.
But his face and his eyes were snake-like, and he looked demonically possessed as he was slithering across the nation.
Gavin was surrounded with great black molasses, and he was in the middle of it, and there were ripples coming off of him of this darkness.
I saw great darkness with the Pelosis.
I saw San Francisco with great darkness and I saw the Pelosis, Kamala, and Schumer.
And the Lord said specifically that because of health issues, there will be health issues.
There are things that are about to happen, and I saw his days were numbered because of health things coming.
Now, I don't know what that is; I didn't see into it.
But the same thing happened when the Lord said we were praying for Ted Cruz.
Does anybody remember that?
This time last year, we were interceding for Ted Cruz and his colon specifically and his liver.
The Lord said, 'Pray for his colon.
Pray for his liver, Ted Cruz.
' And this is the same thing we saw.
He said to pray over it all going into this timeframe.
So we will pray for him.
Then we saw praying for President Trump, and everybody knows what the Lord showed us about President Trump.
I truly believe, as I prayed for it all, even last night I sat on the couch and the Lord showed me it's not just about Greenland.
It's about how he handles my land.
It's how he handles Israel.
How he handles this Gaza thing, how he touches the land and what he does with saying, 'Hey, we want to bring the Palestinian Authority, or whatever his name is, to give him counsel on this with a billion-dollar seat and how they handle the land of Israel.
' This is the deciding factor of his presidency.
How do you handle the land of Israel?
How are you handling the decisions and what God has called you to do, sir, with the counsel that is being given to you from your son-in-law, Jared, to your vice president, JD Vance?
This is a make-or-break concerning your presidency and your term, the Lord said, going clear into November and even with the red wave that everybody believes we have an opportunity to have—but it will not be.
I've seen that we are just barely going to keep the House, that we lose the Senate and we barely keep the House.
You say, 'Brandon, I told you by the Spirit of God how the election was going to go last time.
I even told you how much we would win.
' I said, 'We'll win the Senate and we'll win the House and this is what's going to happen.
' But it would be barely.
And these are the key states.
Go back and watch the video.
I even had the exact key states of where the trouble would be with the flip of how we would be able to obtain the Senate.
I told you exactly the states that were there.
Go watch it.
And it was smack-dab on to a T, even how many seats.
This is why I said, 'We're praying over the three.
We're praying over this.
' And I brought it up to you before the election even happened.
I said, 'This is exactly what the Lord is showing us.
' And I said Nevada, Arizona, and Pennsylvania; I said these are the key ones.
I had video to prove it.
And this is exactly—and it's all glory to God first and foremost—but it's exactly what the Lord said; it's accurate.
And this is what the Lord's trying to tell you.
We must pray for our Senate because I've seen it flipping blue.
And we must pray that we keep the House because it will barely remain red.
Can we change it?
Yes.
But it will take lots of prayer in the days ahead.
And the decisions that he makes since the beginning of the month—he said over the next two weeks going into the third of February—there are major decisions that will be made, and the speech that he gives at the State of the Union will make or break the rest of his term.
What he says and how he stands for things, and how he handles the nations concerning all—there are so many things—and how Iran, Cuba, Greenland, Israel, and Gaza.
There's much pressure on him.
Thank you, Holy Spirit.
I love it when the anointing hits me like that; I feel it all over.
It's the glory.
So I just soak in it.
I love it when I feel him.
He fills me and he fills my cup.
I'm so grateful and I acknowledge you.
We yield to the anointing of the prophetic on this channel and we give all glory to Jesus.
So that's what we're trying to tell you.
Great corruption will be exposed in the days ahead concerning Gavin Newsom.
Great corruption will be exposed concerning the Pelosis and Schumer.
And the Lord said, even Kamala Harris, he said, there's great corruption.
There's deeper, darker corruption than there is in Minnesota.
I saw it coming through.
I saw police officers, I saw people being paid off by drug cartels and big money.
And that's where I'll leave that because of sister clipboards.
But what else?
Depression from the last six months on the border.
I don't want to touch that no more because you saw Booker.
Yes, Booker.
I saw Booker trying to rise up.
I saw Gavin trying to—and that's when Gavin was slithering like a snake.
And you see his tongue, and it was forked.
He was licking the dirt as he was trying to go across the nation.
But he was slithering like this, and that's usually how a demon-possessed person does.
And then I saw Macron, and he was on some kind of black surface that was cracking all around him, and there was fire coming up around him.
He said, 'He's closer to hell than you realize.
' I thought that was interesting—'He's closer to hell than you realize.
' That's what the Lord said.
And I saw dark people rising up around him, for they wanted to create Agenda 2030.
Trump has been a roadblock trying to stop Agenda 2030 from coming into full manifestation, coming against the WHO and the EU and all the things because of what they want to do with digital ID to suppress and oppress the people.
And the Lord said, 'Do you not see?
This is what I warned you about, son—about being the roadblock in the road, the big log in the road, keeping the roadblock in the road.
' And this is why I've had his decisions that he makes.
'Son, do you understand how important it is?
' He said, 'That's why I told you I hold the church accountable for what's about to take place.
You must pray, church, more than we've ever prayed before.
' This is a time that we rise up as believers and prayer warriors and stand as watchmen in the gap and fill that gap with prayer.
Even today, what was he saying when we were driving around?
Did Mama write all that down?
She didn't have time, did she?
Well, he said, 'Greater the prayer, greater the glory.
' He said you'll see it even in Tulsa.
He said the greater the prayer covering, the greater the glory will manifest.
This is why there'll be much migration with churches in the days ahead.
He said it will not be considered equal everywhere.
The greater the prayer, the greater the glory.
The greater the manifestation of intercessory prayer over that area, the greater the manifestations of the glory over that area.
And he said, 'This is why Tulsa, Oklahoma will be a hot spot because there are great wells of prayer that are still there from even the elders that know how to pray—from the Kenneth Hagin, the Hagins, and Oral Roberts and so on—from all of the great revival and word-based, faith-based prayer that have been here since the 70s and before, right from Oral Roberts University and all that.
' And that's what the Lord was saying: you'll see mass migration of Christians in the days ahead, for great revival will come where there's great prayer.
That's why it was in Tennessee.
That's why it's around Mobile, I believe, with Pastor John Kilpatrick in Alabama.
I believe it's Bill, but they know how to pray and revival begins with prayer.
Everything is always cultivated with prayer.
And that's why this channel exists: prayer, prayer, prayer.
Foundation.
And it was neat yesterday when I saw Jesus in that vision as I was walking, and his foot in prayer was making indentations in the spirit realm as we were walking, not behind him, but beside him as a child would their father.
We don't look at ourselves as broken and humble like, 'Oh Lord, we're humble and we're broken,' but we're joint-heirs with Jesus.
Don't act like, 'Oh, I'm beat down, I'm a child.
' No, I'm like, 'Oh, Daddy, how are you doing today?
Let me tell you about my day, Father.
' 'Oh, tell me about your day.
' That's communion.
That's fellowship.
And that was whenever we were seeing them walking, not like whenever you see the sand on the beach and he says, 'Well, where are my footprints?
That's when I was carrying you.
' We were walking beside him and we were making indentations in the spirit realm as we were walking with footprints like it is in the snow.
And I saw an indentation of the glory as we were pushing in the glory with the Father.
As he is, so are we in this world, and we were walking side by side with him in the spirit realm.
And that's what he said: 'This is a higher level of prayer.
' As I was praying today, I saw us trying—He said, 'Come up!
Come up to the throne.
Come up higher.
' And there were things trying to grab ahold of us to pull us down.
They were grabbing ahold of our feet, trying to pull you out of those cloud banks.
He said, 'Come up above it.
Come up above the clouds.
Kick those things off that try to hold you back, son.
' He was talking to me and Diana.
'Kick those things, the pricks, the things that come against you.
Come up to the throne of God.
' As I was driving, he said, 'Come up, come up, son.
You've got to kick those things off.
They're trying to grab ahold of your feet.
Don't allow them.
' So I say that to you.
Don't allow the things of this world to hold your feet down.
Come up higher into the throne of God.
Come up higher above the clouds.
It's time to soar like the eagles in these last days.
But things of this world—emails or whatever you might face during the day—try to hold your feet down.
They try to hold you back.
Life circumstances, ailments with your flesh, financial pressure—you name it—try to hold you down because it's carnal thinking.
It tries to get you to think carnally, but you've got to come up higher and renew your mind by the word of God.
And he said, 'Come up, come up.
' And as I was driving, I could see the little things trying to latch onto the heel of my foot, trying to pull me down out of that cloud bank with life circumstances.
But he said, 'You must kick them off and fly above it, for I've called you to soar like an eagle.
Yield to the anointing that I've put upon your life.
' Say it right now: I yield to the anointing that God has placed on my life.
I yield to it.
I don't put a wall up toward it anymore.
I'm yielded to what God has for me.
I surrender all to what God has for me.
That's what you've got to do.
I surrender to the prophetic.
I surrender to the watchman call.
I surrender to the healing manifestations flowing through me.
Don't be a wall; be a river that lets the Holy Spirit flow through you.
So that whenever you are in those circumstances of life and the storms are blowing, it doesn't bother you because I'm soaring above the storm.
I'm coming up higher in prayer.
I'm coming up higher with my fellowship with him.
And I saw them keep trying to pull me down—demonic forces, things try to pull you out of that cloud bank.
'Oh well, they said this about you.
Oh well, this happened to you.
Oh well, you've got this going.
' And they try to pull you out of that.
I'm going to remain focused, going vertical and not horizontal.
I'm staying vertical on him tonight.
And that's what you've got to do.
I'm trying to tell you all what I try to do.
'Well, didn't you see this?
Didn't you see?
' I don't care.
I'm staying vertical.
I'm staying with him far above all principalities and powers according to Ephesians.
I believe, Father, that you've made a way for me.
No matter how much I kick these things off, I refuse to allow strife in.
I refuse to allow people to be a Debbie Downer in my life.
I'm not going to have Debbie Downers, Brandon.
'Well, you say a lot of things that are hard and there seem to be Debbie Downer.
' I'm not a Debbie Downer.
I'm trying to tell you what I'm seeing by the spirit of God as I'm flying above and looking across the edge of the horizon of time.
Say, 'Hey, if you come on board and we pray for this, we can change this.
' I'm holding the church accountable.
What happens in America and what happens in these places is up to the church.
Take your authority, church.
Take your authority.
I'm not going to do anything else about the devil; I've already done it all.
I said, 'It is finished.
' Do you ever remember Brother Hagin talking about the encounter he had with Jesus?
Listen, I've got to be quick; I'm talking too much.
The devil was there, and this devil was flapping his hands.
If you go back and hear the 'Authority of the Believer' sermon series he had—he had a visitation from the Lord and was talking—all of a sudden this devil came out and started making noise.
He was so frustrated because Jesus wouldn't do anything about the devil and he couldn't hear what the Lord was saying because the devil was making such a loud noise by his feet.
He was like, 'Oh, I wish the Lord would do something about this devil.
' Jesus was talking the whole time and he couldn't hear anything He was saying because He wouldn't take care of that devil for him.
So, Brother Hagin said in the vision, 'In the name of Jesus, devil, get out of here!
Shut up and go!
' That devil took off and got out of there.
He said, 'Why didn't You do anything about it?
' Jesus said, 'I couldn't do anything about it.
' He said, 'What do you mean You couldn't?
' He said, 'I don't think I heard You correctly,' and they kept arguing back and forth.
Basically, the bottom line is if he wouldn't take his authority and tell that devil to get out of here—Jesus already did it, and it took us to do it.
The bottom line is that Christ gave you authority over the devil, and Jesus is not going to do any more about the devil.
You're going to have to stand up against him with the sword of the Spirit and tell him, as James 4:7 says, 'Submit yourself therefore unto God, resist the devil and he will flee.
' If you don't do that, he's going to sit there and nip at your feet.
That's why I tell you all the time to take your authority.
That's why I have Sister Billye's books and we keep them all around.
I've got them everywhere so that you understand the power of the authority of the believer.
It's important because the Lord's not going to do anything else about the devil.
He gave you power and authority to tread on serpents and scorpions and nothing shall by any means hurt you.
Is that literal?
I believe it's literal and metaphorical.
I believe that Jesus gave me power and authority over the principalities and all of it concerning me and my house.
I don't go around binding everything else out here or going into neighborhoods binding the devil and the principality over Tulsa.
No, concerning me and my house, you have no power in my house.
I pray over my president and my neighborhood, but I don't go to your house and start binding the principality of Persia and being stupid.
I take authority over my house, my children, my wife, my finances, and my church.
I pray over my pastors and our leaders, that You give them fresh revelation knowledge to teach the body of Christ.
We pray over our leaders and we flow in that gift.
Lord said, 'Keep it shorter.
Pray more.
' Father, we thank You for the body.
We thank You, Lord, for all that You've done for us.
We thank You that by Your stripes we are healed.
We're so grateful for tongues and the interpretation of tongues.
We're so grateful for the gifts of the Spirit, that we walk in divine healing and health.
We walk in the authority of the believer and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
A thousand shall fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand, but it shall not come nigh us.
I believe for Psalm 91 to become a revelation in my life.
I thank You, Lord, that I have eyes to see what You see and ears to hear what the Spirit is saying.
Father, I thank You that I am filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit.
We yield to the anointing of wealth, the prophetic, healing, deliverance, peace, and joy, and all the fruit of the Spirit: love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, gentleness, and self-control.
Holy Spirit, flood my life with Your goodness and Your mercy.
Goodness and mercy will follow me all the days of my life and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
Father, we thank You for this body and all You've done for us.
We walk in divine health and nothing shall by any means hurt us in Jesus' name.
Lord, we thank You for the blood.
We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
I thank You, Father, that if we confess our sins, You are faithful and just to forgive us and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
We plead the blood of Jesus over anything You show us.
We thank You, Lord, that we only see what You want us to see, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I plead the blood of Jesus Christ over my spiritual and natural eyes.
We are led by the Spirit of God.
We tell our flesh to shut up.
Father, I thank You for the blood that never loses its power, covering my family and even our dogs.
We're so grateful that You've redeemed us and made us whole.
We take this blood right now in Jesus' mighty name.
Amen.
Jesus Christ loves you.
I'm not about religion; I'm about Jesus and a relationship.
I want a God I can talk to and be friends with.
Sister Billye just texted me.
Father, I thank You for this night.
I exalt Thee, oh Lord.
For Thou, Lord, art high above all the earth; Thou art exalted far above all gods.
There are no other gods; they're all just made-up devils.
They just changed the lyrics of that song.
Isn't that interesting?
I love the song, but I don't like that verse.
Father, we just thank you, Lord.
There is no God before you.
You are the only God.
Everything else is just a demonic spirit trying to pretend.
You are the Great I Am That I Am, and I'm so thankful that you dwell on the inside of me.
I'm so grateful for all that you've called us to do.
Father, I'm so grateful that you chose us and you say, 'Hey, I can trust you.
' And I, Father, I'm so grateful, for the eyes of the Lord are running to and fro throughout the whole earth looking for a heart who's perfect toward you.
I thank you, Lord, that our hearts are somewhere you do not have to look anymore.
You look at us and you say, 'I see that they are ready.
' Father, I thank you, Lord, that we're yielded by the spirit of God.
For those that are called sons of God, those are led by the spirit of God.
For those that are led by the spirit of God are the sons of God.
And I thank you that we are led by the spirit of God.
We're led by your spirit.
For those that are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons and daughters of God.
And tonight, we lift up our president before you.
We lift up this need of the nation as he is in the valley of decision again.
And you said this would be the make or break of the presidency.
Lord, I don't know what kind of decisions he's making, but you said it.
So, Father, we lift him up before you and we thank you, Lord, that he takes no counsel from the wicked.
Father, we would be on that straight and narrow path.
I thank you, Lord, that we would hear you and we would follow you, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
And that's concerning even our president.
We lift up this time before you, Father, in prayer.
And we believe, Father, that your hand is on them and upon the cabinet.
I see Marco Rubio before me right now.
There's an anointing coming on Marco Rubio right now.
Something is shifting with Marco Rubio.
There is a glory coming on Marco Rubio.
I see like a light shining on him and I see a heart that has become pliable before the Lord.
Oh, a meekness.
A meekness.
Oh Lord, praises to your name, oh Lord.
Oh, I can hear him singing, 'For your name is great and greatly to be praised.
' I sing praises to your name, oh Lord.
Praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
I sing praises to your name, oh Lord.
Praises to your name, oh Lord.
I'll describe what I hear.
I hear echoes upon waters and their voices that are singing in heaven.
And it sounds like there are octaves, but they're all blending into one.
As I hear them singing this, it fills the atmosphere and I can smell the fragrance of it.
They're all blending into one voice, but they're different octaves, but they're one sound.
There's not like a choir you can hear, and I don't want to leave it.
I hear them.
Oh Jesus.
It sounds like a sound of water, but it floats.
It all blends into one.
One sound, one voice, but many different voices that blend into one, singing: 'I sing praises to your name, oh Lord.
Praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
I sing praises to your name, oh Lord.
Praises to your name, oh Lord.
' And what's amazing about it is there's these beautiful pink swirls with beautiful, beautiful colors.
They look like song notes, but they're rippling like you would see animation for the wind, and it's being carried on the wind.
It comes in and comes out.
You know how you feel the wind and it wisps, it whispers.
You know, you can feel, you can hear it, but there's no end and there's no beginning to it.
It's just there.
And the sound is being carried upon the river like that.
It's worship and the sound is carrying.
I don't know how to describe it with words, but I could hear it.
It sounded like 'Holy, holy, holy is the Lord.
' That's what it sounded like.
But beautiful.
The very atmosphere is charged with worship.
Wherever I'm at right now, when I was there five seconds ago, I could see it so clear.
You know, we wonder why so many don't come back when we ask them to after being raised from the dead.
Because once you taste that glory, there's nothing in this world that you would ever want to come back to.
That instant what I just had for that split second was beautiful.
Heaven is so real.
It's just one breath away.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
And then when you are a believing believer and you step over into that glory, no wonder nobody wants to come back.
We say we can raise the dead, but they fight.
They fight with everything, saying 'I don't want to come back to that.
' You know that little boy—Heaven is for Real, you know.
And he's like, 'Are you kidding me?
' when you step over there and you just have that one little glimpse, like I just got to touch it for a second for whatever reason.
The sound is carried and it's endless, but they're all one voice worshiping the Father and it's purples and beautiful pinks.
It's so strange.
You know what?
I have these visitations.
I usually am off camera and I can grasp it.
But when there's 7,000 people watching you, it's kind of different when he comes and visits.
Heaven is getting so close.
Heaven is becoming so real.
Jesus Christ is coming.
And there's so many people that are asleep.
I tried to warn you.
He's standing at the door and there's so many people that are not ready for what's about to take place.
There's so many people that are not ready for what's coming to America and these countries around the world.
It's so important that you have a relationship with Jesus.
Well, you say, 'Brother Brandon, I don't have a relationship like you do.
' I've tried to tell you a thousand times I'm nothing special.
I just decided to follow him.
I chose to seek him just like you do anything.
How bad do you want it in your life?
It's not just going to happen.
You're looking for a microwave, but everything in the spirit is not a microwave.
Well, Brandon, you do two-hour prayer.
This is nothing.
This is my life.
It costs a lot, but once you can push through that veil, he visits all the time and he has relationship with me.
But it started out with nothing.
I chose to fast.
I chose to seek him and listen to tapes and follow him and clean and do what he asked me to do even when my flesh didn't want to do it.
Stay at this house 20 years in a rat-shack house.
Do what I ask you to do.
Sit before the dryer and pray five hours a night, six hours a night.
Sit there and leave your family.
I want you to do this.
You sit there and you listen.
You sit in the cold.
But I just sit and I make a place for him.
How do you do that?
I cultivate his presence.
I keep a place for him in my heart and keep right before him by repenting.
I am in a place of communion all around me.
I have buckets of them.
You say, 'Well, I only do that once in a while.
' I take it all the time.
I got them in my car.
I got them in my living room.
I've got them in my bathroom.
I got communion everywhere.
Why?
Because in case I need it, I cultivate his presence.
I teach my kids to do the same thing.
My little girl, my boy, my wife, we just pursue him with all we have.
But you have the same opportunity as me.
Everybody has the opportunity to find books to read.
It's like Diana said: 'Brendan, we should just spend today—don't go on live.
Let's spend the day reading and doing things together,' because that's where we find Him.
Reading Robert's book, 'The Ultimate Voice'—we want to go to the next level; we're not satisfied with here.
This is wonderful, but I know there's more.
There's more.
If the angels can go around His throne and see something new every single time for eons and eons, 'Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts,' because they're seeing a new revelation, a new glimpse of the glory.
And that came out of John Bevere's book.
He's talking about it grabbing hold of people that want something deep and intimate with Him.
Finding books that would inspire you, like 'The Awe of God.
' Finding books that challenge your flesh to shut up because He's not going to yell.
He's that still small voice.
And you have so much clutter from the world outside of you that you can't hear Him.
Turn up His volume and turn down yours.
And the only way you're going to do that is by sitting at His feet.
In the car, praying—I told Diana I was so tired of all the snow today.
I said, 'Let's just drive in the snow.
Put our SUV in gear and we'll drive around and we'll do the best we can.
I've got to get out and pray over the city.
' So I pray; it's a habit for me.
It's probably as much as what somebody would say: 'I crave a salad.
' Not me—my flesh, you can see—but I crave Him.
He deals with all the other stuff.
He corrects; He corrects those He loves.
I would say if you're not being corrected, I would check my walk with Him.
He corrects me more than I think He does a lot of people.
I told Diana, 'I walk a very thin noodle with the Lord' with who I talk to and my conversations on the phone, everything.
I get off and I get corrected.
I walk a very fine line.
The wider the road, the more He's not influencing.
I feel the smaller the noodle—you're walking on a thin string.
That means you're really walking with Him because He has an opinion about everything and He corrects about everything.
This is what I want you to do: 'Come up higher.
You must come up higher.
' But I'm telling you, we're running out of time.
The greatest outpouring of the Spirit is about to happen.
Will you be a part of it?
Will you help Him bring in the harvest?
I know that the Son of the Lord, the man Jesus, is coming.
He's coming.
And there's so many people that even tonight, they're not ready.
And I hope this video, even with this time—I've tried to keep it under an hour for you—but I can't kill it.
I'm not going to do it for your satisfaction of you saying, 'Well, I have a schedule to keep.
' Then go keep your schedule.
Go keep your schedule!
But I want to walk with the King.
Am I better than you?
No.
I have better priorities than you.
I want to walk with Him.
You want to go watch something on TV?
Go watch it.
I didn't tell you to be here.
You can click out and click in just like anybody else can.
But if you want to know the key, if you want to know how to go to the higher levels, it's not about works.
It's about relationship.
You think, 'Well, I'm going to do all this.
I'm going to read all these Bible verses and I'm going to do this and it's going to get me there.
' You're wrong.
It's not about works.
'Well, I did this for the church and I went up there and I cleaned the glass.
' It has nothing to do with what you did.
It's about relationship.
It's about the heart.
I just want to do it because I love You.
I want to help out and be an usher in the cold parking lot or whatever just because I love You.
And if I don't get any praise from man, it was just an act of love.
And that's where He's at.
I sowed this seed sacrificially out of an act of love for ministry because I just want to see the gospel produce.
People will say, 'Well, I need somebody to tell me at least thank you.
' After that, I just want Him to say, 'You did good,' and see the fruit of my seed that I sowed.
It's nice to be appreciated, but that's just your flesh screaming.
Isn't it nice if you feel a presence and the glory of the Lord fills your house?
It's changing you from the inside out.
Just like that little glimpse right then.
I don't even know where to go right now.
It took me out.
'Holy, holy, holy is the Lord.
Holy, holy, holy.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord, Lord of all the earth.
Forever You shall reign.
Lord of glory, Lamb of God, and holy is His name.
Lord of all the earth, forever You will reign.
Lord of glory, Lamb of God, and holy is Your name.
Lord of all the earth, forever You shall reign.
' Oh, hallelujah!
Oh, hallelujah!
I see it again.
There's going to start to be a lot of people being translated, transported.
I see it again in that supernatural highway in the sky.
And God is about to do some things that are going to be shock and awe to the world—shock and awe to the world with creative miracles.
Sometimes you're praying for a healing, but God's about to restore limbs.
God's about to restore eyes and ears growing out, noses growing out, teeth coming back in, hair.
It's going to be supernatural body parts where you may have had a doctor say, 'Hey, we got to take that kidney.
' And you're going to supernaturally get a kidney.
I'm talking about supernatural things that are going to be so tangible that you're going to go, 'Well, I prayed for them and they had a headache and it went away.
' Well, you don't know whether they had a headache or not.
No, I'm talking about miracles that are undeniable.
Miracles that are undeniable.
You're about to see miracles that only you can say, 'God had a hand in that.
' He's going to become real to a generation that has forgotten Him.
To a generation that has turned their back on Him.
'I'm leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one.
' He wants that none should perish, but all come to repentance.
So much religion, so much fakeness, hardness of hearts, judging everything.
'Oh, you know, that's the way it's always been, brother.
' Spiritual Clipboard Sally, the police department of the church.
But God is going to go around your religious wall and use the ones that will just say, 'Yes, here am I.
Yes, here am I, Lord.
I'll do it for you.
' I see it.
Can these bones live?
Can these religious, dried-up bones live?
Yes, they can.
Will you be a world changer?
Will you be a world shaker?
'Here am I, Lord.
Send me.
Here am I, Lord.
' Father, we just thank You, Lord, for this prayer time tonight.
We lift up President Trump.
We lift up his cabinet.
We lift up Xi Jinping.
And we thank You, Father, that You would remove the pain and You would raise up a new leader in China.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You will have a major harvest of souls in the underground church in China, all throughout North Korea, all throughout South Korea, all throughout the Philippines, Japan, Thailand, Vietnam, Nepal, all of it.
Father, I just ask You—India, Pakistan, Afghanistan—for a major revival.
Father, that we are able to see the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
I thank You, Father, those artifacts are coming up out of the ground.
That the shaking to awaken.
Shake this planet, Father.
Shake this planet, Lord.
All the glory of Your presence, we Your people give You reverence.
So arise from Your rest and be blessed by our praise as the glory now fills this place, as Your presence now fills this place.
The glory is here.
Father, now I go into that realm and I go beyond the veil and we take back and we see what You have for us.
I see this.
We call in that wealth transfer in the name of Jesus.
What is it like?
It's like a metal detector over the land.
Jehovah God abides here and we are standing in his presence on holy ground.
And I know that there are angels all around.
Let us praise Jesus.
Now we are standing in his presence on holy ground.
And I know that there are angels all around.
Let us praise Jesus.
There are land deals being done right now.
I see favor with land deals.
Relocation of land, land deals.
Now I see land that is for sale—land that has been stolen or has been stagnant—is coming to pass to sell out of seemingly nowhere.
The buyer will come.
A relocation is coming for some of you.
You're going to uproot what you've been doing for a long time, and a new season is coming to you.
The raven is no longer bringing its bread there, and the season of change is upon you.
Like weather changes and the seasons change in the earth, your season is coming to a new season; the winter season is going to be over and a new spring season is springing forth.
What seems to be a dormant season in your life is coming forth—a new spring season for a new window.
And the Lord said, 'It's not just a window.
A door of opportunity is coming to some of you.
' And as the spring flowers come forth, do you remember the daffodils, Braden?
They were bowing down before him as he was beating his drum through Europe.
I see it again.
He was knocking on the doors.
I'm in the spirit; I can see it.
But the daffodils, they're yellow flowers.
They look like a megaphone.
Those are early spring flowers.
Father, we just thank you.
New seasons, new places.
And you'll go to your place called 'there.
' Some will be moving to Colorado Springs.
I see Wommack's ministry for some reason.
I see Andrew W.
Some of you are going to relocate and go to Bible school to be educated in the things of the Lord.
Yeah, some people are going to relocate and move to the Colorado Springs area and go to Bible school.
I see a relocation for some, and I see Wommack.
I don't know who that's for, but I see it very clearly and I see it very prominently.
You'll start up the next season when his stuff goes.
You'll move and you'll go.
I don't know what that's about, but there's a transition even coming for him in Wommack's ministry.
He'll lead more of a prominent role as an elder, as a pillar.
There's generals that are about to transition home.
This is very important.
There's generals that are about to transition home in the faith circle of what he preaches, and he'll take more of a dominant role because there's not a lot of mature sons of God rising up in those places of eldership to help disciple the younger ones.
Andrew Wommack will take a more prominent role in the days ahead as a pillar of faith teachings as elders go on, for there is a major, significant elder about to step over into glory.
The Lord says, 'And when this elder steps over, Andrew will come up and start to be in a more prominent position here because there's no one there to fulfill this position.
And his ministry will be magnified because he will take word of faith and word of how to stand by faith, and he'll have more of a dominant ministry in this arena because he'll take what was influenced by this other ministry and he will bring in the slack of it.
' Does that make sense what I'm trying to say?
I'm trying to say it, but I'm seeing a division.
I can't say who these people are, but he'll take the influence so that these sheep are not left out in the cold.
He's going to have a bigger barn.
The Lord says he has a bigger barn, and Wommack's ministry will double.
I hear by the spirit of God.
'Because of this, I will double.
I'm putting a double on you for the trouble.
A double portion of the anointing to teach the word.
' I hear the spirit of the Lord say about this man, 'I'm going to put a double portion of the anointing to teach the word in these last days to be a pillar and an elder because there's a transition of elders going home.
And I'll sustain his health, and the money and blessing will flow on a greater scale.
And his school will flourish and he'll renew his strength, his mental capacity to handle the weight of it all.
' I see one going home and glory coming on him because I need somebody to stand and say certain things.
Teaching brings spiritual equilibrium.
You don't want to get flaky.
Bring word-based and spirit, and it keeps an even keel balance.
There's balance.
You don't get too flaky in the spirit and you don't get too wordy.
You've got to have word and spirit.
Let the Holy Ghost flow and let the spirit of the Lord lead you with his word.
Spirit, word.
Don't get too flaky with the spirit.
Don't get too heavy in the word.
Stay even keel.
That's very interesting.
But I see a transition coming, and it's not too far.
It's just right there.
I hear the Lord.
And you'll see people that have huge ministries, the foundation will be shaken because nepotism never works.
It's only led by the spirit of the Lord.
He says, 'It's not just because you qualify.
It's not nepotism; it's cultivation acceleration.
It's a price to pay, not something you endow on somebody.
' You don't do that with the glory.
The Lord said it's qualification by dying to self on the potter's wheel.
Qualification acceleration.
Sometimes, like it was even with William Brandon and all these other ministries, the ministry just goes.
It's done.
The season was over.
The baton is not passed.
The season's done, and I raise up a new one.
They serve their purpose and I call them home.
It served its purpose.
We don't get ourselves wrapped around the past.
People camp around what was good and build their place of refuge around it.
And the bird left, the raven left.
God's not in it no more, and the brook's drying up, but you built your house there.
And he said, 'Go to the place called "there.
" You can't build your house around the brook that dried up.
It was a place of an oasis at one time and the raven came and fed you and everything was great.
But behold, he's going to do a new thing.
' The Lord says, 'Do you see that?
I'll bring fountains in the desert.
He'll part the sea to make it happen.
Whatever you do in word and in deed, give all to the glory of God.
' When that anointing comes on me so strong like that, I hear him so clearly talking.
It's really amazing.
I hear him like he's talking to me and it's so loud.
Isn't Jesus wonderful in these last days?
He's going to pour out his spirit upon all flesh on another level.
What is it like?
It's like a metal detector over the land.
Jehovah God abides here and we are standing in his presence on holy ground.
And I know that there are angels all around.
Let us praise Jesus.
Now we are standing in his presence on holy ground.
And I know that there are angels all around.
Let us praise Jesus.
There are land deals being done right now.
I see favor with land deals.
Relocation of land, land deals.
Now I see land that is for sale—land that has been stolen or has been stagnant—is coming to pass to sell out of seemingly nowhere.
The buyer will come.
A relocation is coming for some of you.
You're going to uproot what you've been doing for a long time, and a new season is coming to you.
The raven is no longer bringing its bread there, and the season of change is upon you.
Like weather changes and the seasons change in the earth, your season is coming to a new season; the winter season is going to be over and a new spring season is springing forth.
What seems to be a dormant season in your life is coming forth—a new spring season for a new window.
And the Lord said, 'It's not just a window.
A door of opportunity is coming to some of you.
' And as the spring flowers come forth, do you remember the daffodils, Braden?
They were bowing down before him as he was beating his drum through Europe.
I see it again.
He was knocking on the doors.
I'm in the spirit; I can see it.
But the daffodils, they're yellow flowers.
They look like a megaphone.
Those are early spring flowers.
Father, we just thank you.
New seasons, new places.
And you'll go to your place called 'there.
' Some will be moving to Colorado Springs.
I see Wommack's ministry for some reason.
I see Andrew W.
Some of you are going to relocate and go to Bible school to be educated in the things of the Lord.
Yeah, some people are going to relocate and move to the Colorado Springs area and go to Bible school.
I see a relocation for some, and I see Wommack.
I don't know who that's for, but I see it very clearly and I see it very prominently.
You'll start up the next season when his stuff goes.
You'll move and you'll go.
I don't know what that's about, but there's a transition even coming for him in Wommack's ministry.
He'll lead more of a prominent role as an elder, as a pillar.
There's generals that are about to transition home.
This is very important.
There's generals that are about to transition home in the faith circle of what he preaches, and he'll take more of a dominant role because there's not a lot of mature sons of God rising up in those places of eldership to help disciple the younger ones.
Andrew Wommack will take a more prominent role in the days ahead as a pillar of faith teachings as elders go on, for there is a major, significant elder about to step over into glory.
The Lord says, 'And when this elder steps over, Andrew will come up and start to be in a more prominent position here because there's no one there to fulfill this position.
And his ministry will be magnified because he will take word of faith and word of how to stand by faith, and he'll have more of a dominant ministry in this arena because he'll take what was influenced by this other ministry and he will bring in the slack of it.
' Does that make sense what I'm trying to say?
I'm trying to say it, but I'm seeing a division.
I can't say who these people are, but he'll take the influence so that these sheep are not left out in the cold.
He's going to have a bigger barn.
The Lord says he has a bigger barn, and Wommack's ministry will double.
I hear by the spirit of God.
'Because of this, I will double.
I'm putting a double on you for the trouble.
A double portion of the anointing to teach the word.
' I hear the spirit of the Lord say about this man, 'I'm going to put a double portion of the anointing to teach the word in these last days to be a pillar and an elder because there's a transition of elders going home.
And I'll sustain his health, and the money and blessing will flow on a greater scale.
And his school will flourish and he'll renew his strength, his mental capacity to handle the weight of it all.
' I see one going home and glory coming on him because I need somebody to stand and say certain things.
Teaching brings spiritual equilibrium.
You don't want to get flaky.
Bring word-based and spirit, and it keeps an even keel balance.
There's balance.
You don't get too flaky in the spirit and you don't get too wordy.
You've got to have word and spirit.
Let the Holy Ghost flow and let the spirit of the Lord lead you with his word.
Spirit, word.
Don't get too flaky with the spirit.
Don't get too heavy in the word.
Stay even keel.
That's very interesting.
But I see a transition coming, and it's not too far.
It's just right there.
I hear the Lord.
And you'll see people that have huge ministries, the foundation will be shaken because nepotism never works.
It's only led by the spirit of the Lord.
He says, 'It's not just because you qualify.
It's not nepotism; it's cultivation acceleration.
It's a price to pay, not something you endow on somebody.
' You don't do that with the glory.
The Lord said it's qualification by dying to self on the potter's wheel.
Qualification acceleration.
Sometimes, like it was even with William Brandon and all these other ministries, the ministry just goes.
It's done.
The season was over.
The baton is not passed.
The season's done, and I raise up a new one.
They serve their purpose and I call them home.
It served its purpose.
We don't get ourselves wrapped around the past.
People camp around what was good and build their place of refuge around it.
And the bird left, the raven left.
God's not in it no more, and the brook's drying up, but you built your house there.
And he said, 'Go to the place called "there.
" You can't build your house around the brook that dried up.
It was a place of an oasis at one time and the raven came and fed you and everything was great.
But behold, he's going to do a new thing.
' The Lord says, 'Do you see that?
I'll bring fountains in the desert.
He'll part the sea to make it happen.
Whatever you do in word and in deed, give all to the glory of God.
' When that anointing comes on me so strong like that, I hear him so clearly talking.
It's really amazing.
I hear him like he's talking to me and it's so loud.
Isn't Jesus wonderful in these last days?
He's going to pour out his spirit upon all flesh on another level.
What is it like?
It's like a metal detector over the land.
Jehovah God abides here and we are standing in his presence on holy ground.
And I know that there are angels all around.
Let us praise Jesus.
Now we are standing in his presence on holy ground.
And I know that there are angels all around.
Let us praise Jesus.
There are land deals being done right now.
I see favor with land deals.
Relocation of land, land deals.
Now I see land that is for sale—land that has been stolen or has been stagnant—is coming to pass to sell out of seemingly nowhere.
The buyer will come.
A relocation is coming for some of you.
You're going to uproot what you've been doing for a long time, and a new season is coming to you.
The raven is no longer bringing its bread there, and the season of change is upon you.
Like weather changes and the seasons change in the earth, your season is coming to a new season; the winter season is going to be over and a new spring season is springing forth.
What seems to be a dormant season in your life is coming forth—a new spring season for a new window.
And the Lord said, 'It's not just a window.
A door of opportunity is coming to some of you.
' And as the spring flowers come forth, do you remember the daffodils, Braden?
They were bowing down before him as he was beating his drum through Europe.
I see it again.
He was knocking on the doors.
I'm in the spirit; I can see it.
But the daffodils, they're yellow flowers.
They look like a megaphone.
Those are early spring flowers.
Father, we just thank you.
New seasons, new places.
And you'll go to your place called 'there.
' Some will be moving to Colorado Springs.
I see Wommack's ministry for some reason.
I see Andrew W.
Some of you are going to relocate and go to Bible school to be educated in the things of the Lord.
Yeah, some people are going to relocate and move to the Colorado Springs area and go to Bible school.
I see a relocation for some, and I see Wommack.
I don't know who that's for, but I see it very clearly and I see it very prominently.
You'll start up the next season when his stuff goes.
You'll move and you'll go.
I don't know what that's about, but there's a transition even coming for him in Wommack's ministry.
He'll lead more of a prominent role as an elder, as a pillar.
There's generals that are about to transition home.
This is very important.
There's generals that are about to transition home in the faith circle of what he preaches, and he'll take more of a dominant role because there's not a lot of mature sons of God rising up in those places of eldership to help disciple the younger ones.
Andrew Wommack will take a more prominent role in the days ahead as a pillar of faith teachings as elders go on, for there is a major, significant elder about to step over into glory.
The Lord says, 'And when this elder steps over, Andrew will come up and start to be in a more prominent position here because there's no one there to fulfill this position.
And his ministry will be magnified because he will take word of faith and word of how to stand by faith, and he'll have more of a dominant ministry in this arena because he'll take what was influenced by this other ministry and he will bring in the slack of it.
' Does that make sense what I'm trying to say?
I'm trying to say it, but I'm seeing a division.
I can't say who these people are, but he'll take the influence so that these sheep are not left out in the cold.
He's going to have a bigger barn.
The Lord says he has a bigger barn, and Wommack's ministry will double.
I hear by the spirit of God.
'Because of this, I will double.
I'm putting a double on you for the trouble.
A double portion of the anointing to teach the word.
' I hear the spirit of the Lord say about this man, 'I'm going to put a double portion of the anointing to teach the word in these last days to be a pillar and an elder because there's a transition of elders going home.
And I'll sustain his health, and the money and blessing will flow on a greater scale.
And his school will flourish and he'll renew his strength, his mental capacity to handle the weight of it all.
' I see one going home and glory coming on him because I need somebody to stand and say certain things.
Teaching brings spiritual equilibrium.
You don't want to get flaky.
Bring word-based and spirit, and it keeps an even keel balance.
There's balance.
You don't get too flaky in the spirit and you don't get too wordy.
You've got to have word and spirit.
Let the Holy Ghost flow and let the spirit of the Lord lead you with his word.
Spirit, word.
Don't get too flaky with the spirit.
Don't get too heavy in the word.
Stay even keel.
That's very interesting.
But I see a transition coming, and it's not too far.
It's just right there.
I hear the Lord.
And you'll see people that have huge ministries, the foundation will be shaken because nepotism never works.
It's only led by the spirit of the Lord.
He says, 'It's not just because you qualify.
It's not nepotism; it's cultivation acceleration.
It's a price to pay, not something you endow on somebody.
' You don't do that with the glory.
The Lord said it's qualification by dying to self on the potter's wheel.
Qualification acceleration.
Sometimes, like it was even with William Brandon and all these other ministries, the ministry just goes.
It's done.
The season was over.
The baton is not passed.
The season's done, and I raise up a new one.
They serve their purpose and I call them home.
It served its purpose.
We don't get ourselves wrapped around the past.
People camp around what was good and build their place of refuge around it.
And the bird left, the raven left.
God's not in it no more, and the brook's drying up, but you built your house there.
And he said, 'Go to the place called "there.
" You can't build your house around the brook that dried up.
It was a place of an oasis at one time and the raven came and fed you and everything was great.
But behold, he's going to do a new thing.
' The Lord says, 'Do you see that?
I'll bring fountains in the desert.
He'll part the sea to make it happen.
Whatever you do in word and in deed, give all to the glory of God.
' When that anointing comes on me so strong like that, I hear him so clearly talking.
It's really amazing.
I hear him like he's talking to me and it's so loud.
Isn't Jesus wonderful in these last days?
He's going to pour out his spirit upon all flesh on another level.
It's a pulse.
I think that's enough for tonight.
Very interesting, but we pray over these things.
I prayed.
It's not just about seeing.
I know, Lord.
We're going to pray more.
I'm just being real with you; my flesh, I like to see what he shows me.
So I get distracted with it and I get corrected because I didn't pray over it enough.
It's not about show and tell.
Do you understand?
Because I get corrected.
It's about praying over what he shows us, because it's not about entertainment.
And that's what the Lord said: 'I'm showing you these things so you pray.
' It's not sci-fi, watching YouTube and being entertained.
This is very serious.
And that's why I don't want to...
I got corrected very hard for like four or five days.
And that's why I'm trying to tell you this by the spirit of God so you'll pray.
What do we pray about, Brandon?
We pray that this stuff doesn't happen because we want to help liberate those people.
So in the middle of the night, we see them trying to bring it in planes.
I saw a device.
It looks like a computer, some kind of device, but it was green.
It looked like something that communicates to that thing that brings a dome of covering for missiles and military equipment.
It makes it obsolete somehow.
I don't know how, but it's like when they push the button, even jets and stuff won't be able to; it covers it.
You say, 'Well, that sounds way out there.
' Yeah, it sounds way out there.
But I'm telling you what I see.
Does China have that kind of technology?
I don't know.
That's what I'm seeing.
I didn't even know it existed until about 10 minutes ago.
But I know it's accurate; military secrets.
Oh, Father, we thank you for protection.
We thank you, Lord, for your blood.
We're so grateful, Father.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that Iran's regime goes down and all hidden things be revealed, and the United States government is not stupid to it.
And that, Father, we go into Iran and help the people.
And, Father, that you liberate a people that needs to be liberated.
We're so grateful, Father, for what you're going to do in these days ahead.
Every one of us is in agreement over America, over the United States of America, that Father, we're protected.
China is much further along in the space race, in the space age, than what the United States realizes.
Lord said, 'There are secret things that we think we know about, but there's things that we have no clue about because of the Biden administration we're behind.
' Do you realize how much four years is to quantum computing?
That's what the Lord said.
Four years of quantum computing ahead of you because of Biden, Sleepy Joe at the wheel.
People that were trying to destroy our nation from within.
That's the era.
So it's nothing to blame; just letting you know.
Everybody's trying to free you.
It's mind-blowing quantum computing.
And that's why the downloads happen so quickly and everything is happening so fast.
Thank God for President Trump.
Father, I ask you to keep him protected.
Help his heart, Lord, not to touch your land.
Lord, we don't want to lose him to JD Vance.
JD Vance is not a good person.
I see JD Vance; behind him is darkness.
It's not good.
Marco Rubio is good.
I see his heart.
The Lord said, 'I raise up Marco Rubio.
' Do you pray over Marco Rubio?
There's something about Marco Rubio.
I was even seeing it tonight, wasn't I?
I have to go back to this: praying over Marco Rubio.
JD Vance is a rogue agent compared to Marco Rubio.
I mean, he's probably watching, saying, 'I don't agree with what you're saying.
' I don't care.
I see it.
And no disrespect, sir, but it's what I see by the spirit of God.
Praying over Trump, praying over these areas, praying over our leaders to come.
He thinks he's a shoo-in.
It's arrogance.
He thinks he's automatically a shoo-in after Trump, to be on the Republican ticket, like it's automatically going to be endowed to him like a scepter.
But we could pray for a better one.
Father, we just thank you, Lord, for tonight.
Thank you, Lord, for Diana.
We thank you, Lord, for covering her.
We cover my children, we cover my wife, we cover our family.
We thank you, Lord.
No weapon formed against us will prosper.
We plead the blood of Jesus all around this house.
All around every one of us, as we speak these things and say these mysteries, my family is covered.
Thank you, Father.
We cover it in the blood.
Thank you, Lord.
We just give you all the praise and glory.
We just thank you, Lord, for the things that are about to happen in this earth.
No matter how it sounds or whatever is going on, Lord, we thank you for your great, mighty hand of protection.
Glory to God.
Father, we thank you.
I don't really know what to do with it, so I just want to make sure you all know how to pray over this stuff so I don't get corrected whenever I'm done.
That's why I haven't released it yet, because it's very serious.
But I want to make sure I close this up right.
Because every single time I go over there into that realm, it's very serious.
Y'all pray over this stuff.
Thank you, Father.
We cover this house in the blood.
We cover our children.
We cover this in Jesus' name.
Technologically, what I just saw was very dark.
I saw things that I want to tell Braden; I want to get designs.
It's advancements of things that are way out there, and I'm thinking, 'How is that even possible?
' But I know it's possible.
The visions are accurate.
They're very clear.
They're very real, what the Lord shows me, way out there.
Well, praise the Lord.
There's a lot of you here tonight, but I'm done.
I'm so thankful for every single one of you.
If you could like, subscribe, and click the notification bell.
Do everything you can to help us with the algorithm.
We'll be back again tomorrow.
Today's Monday.
That ice storm messed everything up because I wasn't able to get out of the house.
I don't like that; I like to drive around.
So thankful for when it starts to melt a little bit.
All glory to Jesus.
We're so thankful for every single one of you coming out and praying with us.
I just have to cover all this more in prayer.
I didn't know how to take it anymore.
And so after I see all that, I'm going, 'How do you jump back in the river of intercession over it?
' I'm learning after what I see and taking your authority over it, and praying over it, and praying over Israel and Iran and this war and the liberation of the people.
China stepping in and trying to do this is very interesting what I just saw.
It was a window.
And it happened in the night, I see.
It looked like C-17s, like those huge cargo planes.
It wasn't like an F-16; these were like cargo planes coming in.
I saw two planes flying in the cover of night that looked like big-belly planes, full of stuff, and they were flying in and it was dark.
They looked like our big things you could haul a tank on, military equipment.
It looked massive, and there were two of them, and they were flying side by side.
Well, thank you for joining us.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.